Conventions.md, before:

# Conventions
All of the informal rules for naming, whitespace, etc. for the entire project.

## Directories and Files
### Naming Directories
Directory names should be lowercase, without spaces, underscores, or dashes.
Honestly, this should be changed later but that's the way it is right now.

### Naming Files
Category | Naming | Example |
-|-|-
Python | No uppercase. Underscores separate words if needed. | `python_settings.py`
Powershell | Camel Case, but first letter is lowercase. No word separators | `flushGeneratedFiles.ps1`
Markdown | Camel Case | `StablePackageVersions.md`
Trained ML Models | If using Grid Search, start with `gs`. Then an abbreviated version of the model type (first letter capitalized). | `gsNeigh.pkl` or `gsSVC.pkl`


## Python Code

### Layout
All python files should start with the following:
```
#
# -*- coding: utf-8 -*-
# Name of the File (Title Case)
# Started MM-DD-YYYY
# by Drew Wingfield

# Description:
# Enter the description here (what this file does/provides).

# This file is a part of Drew Wingfield's FTCAPI program.
# See the documentation in the README.md file.
# See the license in the LICENSE.txt file.
```


All imports should be within a region defined by `#region <region name>` and `#endregion <region name>`.



### General
Lines should be no longer than 5 billion characters long (haha TODO decide this).




## Powershell Code
Insert text here.

Commit message:

Add python layout and comment conventions

Conventions.md, after:

# Conventions
All of the informal rules for naming, whitespace, etc. for the entire project.

## Directories and Files
### Naming Directories
Directory names should be lowercase, without spaces, underscores, or dashes.
Honestly, this should be changed later but that's the way it is right now.

### Naming Files
Category | Naming | Example |
-|-|-
Python | No uppercase. Underscores separate words if needed. | `python_settings.py`
Powershell | Camel Case, but first letter is lowercase. No word separators | `flushGeneratedFiles.ps1`
Markdown | Camel Case | `StablePackageVersions.md`
Trained ML Models | If using Grid Search, start with `gs`. Then an abbreviated version of the model type (first letter capitalized). | `gsNeigh.pkl` or `gsSVC.pkl`


## Python Code

### Layout

#### Header
All python files should start with the following:
```python
#
# -*- coding: utf-8 -*-
# Name of the File (Title Case)
# Started MM-DD-YYYY
# by Drew Wingfield

# Description:
# Enter the description here (what this file does/provides).

# This file is a part of Drew Wingfield's FTCAPI program.
# See the documentation in the README.md file.
# See the license in the LICENSE.txt file.
```
Notice that this header does not contain a shebang, as all Python scripts should be run under the Virtual Environment (usually `.venv`).


#### Imports
All imports should be within a region defined by `#region <region name>` and `#endregion <region name>`. They should further be categorized by builtins, files from this project, then external modules.

#### Constants
Constants should be next, in their own region. See below for naming conventions.

#### Functions
Functions should come next. They may be in their own region, or split up into sub-regions. A `utils` region classifies utility functions/classes that could be in `commonresources.py` but are only used in this one script (for instance, `build_credentials` and `add_timestamp`).

#### Classes
Classes can be before or after functions, they just have to be organized and in their own region.

#### Procedural Code
Code that is procedural in the script should be under the `Procedural` region. Code should be made as object-oriented as possible. Calling code via an `if __name__ == "__main__"` conditional is reccomended, allowing for other scripts to import parts of the given script without tons of code run every time.

---

### General
Lines should be no longer than 5 billion characters long (haha TODO: decide this).

Comments should be capitalized properly and have a space between the # and the comment.\
Example:
```python
# Add the timestamp to the begining of the data
data_to_push = add_timestamp(data_to_push)
```
Exceptions are TODOs. Comments that are to-do should start with ```TODO: ``` immediately after the # sign.


## Powershell Code
Insert text here.
