todos.md, before:

# To-Dos
This is the `todos.md` file. For more information, please read the [Readme](README.md).

Items labeled `Critical` need to be fixed/completed before release.

### Bugs
  - [ ] `[Powershell]` `[FTC API]` `[REST]` All teams in opr/all-teams are invalid API request messagees, due to the team # being put in as the event code.
    - [ ] Figure out where in the world these files keep coming from! (unused)
  - [ ] `[Speed]` Maybe add GPU/NPU support?
    - [ ] `[Code]` Switch to Pytorch?
  - [ ] `[OPR]` `[Accuracy]` Weird bug with some teams' recent OPR calculated as 0 for lower amounts of days (30)
    - Probably due to the team not playing matches within the last 30 days - fix and just replace with their respective all-time OPRs insted (requires re-training of machine learning algorithms)
  - [ ] `[Tests]` `[Argparse]` Import tests fail due to argparse.
  - [X] ~~`[Critical]` `[Git]` `[External]` Fix the gitignore in all branches to ignore .venv/ folder. Otherwise, VS Code says too many changes and won't show the git changes for any other branch.~~

### Other
  - [ ] `[Code]` Add markdown support for linecounter
  - [ ] `[Code]` Add feature of ftcapi.ps1 to detect if .venv was selected but no .venv exists, and asks the user whether they would like the script to automatically create the venv for them using the venv creation script.
  - [ ] `[Git]` Perhaps ignore all .log files?
  - [ ] `[ReadMe]` Add documentation about the venvSetup.ps1 script.
  - [ ] `[Code]` Remove the rankings_dataframe function in jsonparse, it seems to not be called anywhere
  - [ ] `[Code]` Add a write_json function in commonresources? (make write_needed_events in jsonparse less complex?)
  - [ ] `[Code]` Have a standard variable, class, and function naming system (camel case vs underscores vs etc.)
  - [ ] `[Files]` Rename ml-test.py to something else more descriptive (and excluding the - symbol)
  - [ ] `[General]` Get a better Todo system (usse a bug-tracking system?)
  - [ ] `[OS Support]` `[Critical]` Linux support
    - [ ] Fix Linux bash file
    - [ ] Make sure everything works on linux lol
  - [ ] `[License]` `[Critical]` Update all files to include a reference to the license and this file
    - [ ] Scripts in `app` folder
    - [ ] `tests` folder
    - [ ] `__init__.py`
  - [ ] `[Files]` `[Critical]` Remove these files before release (dev tools or generally not needed)
    - [ ] all packages.txt
    - [ ] flushGeneratedFiles.ps1
    - [ ] linecounter.py
    - [ ] viewdata.py?
  - [ ] `[Files]` Put all doc files (readme and updates) into a docs folder?
  - [ ] `[Code]` `[QOL]` Redo all the path things to make them better lol
  - [ ] `[Code]` `[Tests]` Add tests
    - [X] ~~Correct files in correct places~~
    - [ ] Machine learning is recent to the correct season  year
  - [X] ~~`[QOL]` `[variables]` In ftcapiv4.ps1, make the season year an input variable~~ (or automatic?)
  - [X] ~~`[QOL]` `[Files]` Organize generated files into a single folder and update the .gitignore~~
    - [ ] `[Readme]` Update Readme file instructions, file names, and directory names to match current ones.
  - [X] ~~Remove all references to heatmap stuff.~~
  - [ ] `[QOL]` `[Code]` `[Arguments]` Make all python files use argparse
  - [ ] `[Sheets]` `[Readme]` Add instruction for how to use the Google Sheets
  - [ ] `[Sheets]` `[QOL]` It would be nice to add the team name to the number when pushing to sheets
  - [ ] `[Critical]` `[Readme]` Add instructions to creating secrets.txt to the readme (authorizationheader needs to be no spaces or quotes)
  - [ ] `[QOL]` `[Readme]` Redo the README.
  - [ ] `[QOL]` Remove all unneccessary files
    - [ ] Figure out what to do with viewdata.py
    - [X] ~~Figure out where in the world OPR-m.npy comes from~~
    - [X] ~~Figure out if anything in the world uses OPR-m.npy~~
    - [ ] All opr/teamstats stuff
    - [ ] All references to opr/teamstats stuff
  - [ ] `[Code QOL]` Making predictions work with both the EventMatches and EventSchedule classes (jsonparse)
    - and the implementation of the predictions in sheetsapi
    - and the processing of the data (getting recent OPRs, etc etc.)
  - [ ] `[Speed]` Convert more things to use numpy matrices instead of pandas dataframes (much faster)
    - prepare-machinelearningpy training_data_matches
  - [ ] `[QOL]` Adding a user interface?
  - [ ] `[Code QOL]` Make all python files consistent with PEP 8 and PEP 257

Commit message:

Add todo item, rename sheets_api and prerpare_machine_learning for conventions

todos.md, after:

# To-Dos
This is the `todos.md` file. For more information, please read the [Readme](README.md).

Items labeled `Critical` need to be fixed/completed before release.

### Bugs
  - [ ] `[Powershell]` `[FTC API]` `[REST]` All teams in opr/all-teams are invalid API request messagees, due to the team # being put in as the event code.
    - [ ] Figure out where in the world these files keep coming from! (unused)
  - [ ] `[Speed]` Maybe add GPU/NPU support?
    - [ ] `[Code]` Switch to Pytorch?
  - [ ] `[OPR]` `[Accuracy]` Weird bug with some teams' recent OPR calculated as 0 for lower amounts of days (30)
    - Probably due to the team not playing matches within the last 30 days - fix and just replace with their respective all-time OPRs insted (requires re-training of machine learning algorithms)
  - [ ] `[Tests]` `[Argparse]` Import tests fail due to argparse.
  - [X] ~~`[Critical]` `[Git]` `[External]` Fix the gitignore in all branches to ignore .venv/ folder. Otherwise, VS Code says too many changes and won't show the git changes for any other branch.~~

### Other
  - [ ] `[Files]` Rename scripts to match their function better and update all references to those scripts.
  - [ ] `[Code]` Add markdown support for linecounter
  - [ ] `[Code]` Add feature of ftcapi.ps1 to detect if .venv was selected but no .venv exists, and asks the user whether they would like the script to automatically create the venv for them using the venv creation script.
  - [ ] `[Git]` Perhaps ignore all .log files?
  - [ ] `[ReadMe]` Add documentation about the venvSetup.ps1 script.
  - [ ] `[Code]` Remove the rankings_dataframe function in jsonparse, it seems to not be called anywhere
  - [ ] `[Code]` Add a write_json function in commonresources? (make write_needed_events in jsonparse less complex?)
  - [ ] `[Code]` Have a standard variable, class, and function naming system (camel case vs underscores vs etc.)
  - [ ] `[Files]` Rename ml-test.py to something else more descriptive (and excluding the - symbol)
  - [ ] `[General]` Get a better Todo system (usse a bug-tracking system?)
  - [ ] `[OS Support]` `[Critical]` Linux support
    - [ ] Fix Linux bash file
    - [ ] Make sure everything works on linux lol
  - [ ] `[License]` `[Critical]` Update all files to include a reference to the license and this file
    - [ ] Scripts in `app` folder
    - [ ] `tests` folder
    - [ ] `__init__.py`
  - [ ] `[Files]` `[Critical]` Remove these files before release (dev tools or generally not needed)
    - [ ] all packages.txt
    - [ ] flushGeneratedFiles.ps1
    - [ ] linecounter.py
    - [ ] viewdata.py?
  - [ ] `[Files]` Put all doc files (readme and updates) into a docs folder?
  - [ ] `[Code]` `[QOL]` Redo all the path things to make them better lol
  - [ ] `[Code]` `[Tests]` Add tests
    - [X] ~~Correct files in correct places~~
    - [ ] Machine learning is recent to the correct season  year
  - [X] ~~`[QOL]` `[variables]` In ftcapiv4.ps1, make the season year an input variable~~ (or automatic?)
  - [X] ~~`[QOL]` `[Files]` Organize generated files into a single folder and update the .gitignore~~
    - [ ] `[Readme]` Update Readme file instructions, file names, and directory names to match current ones.
  - [X] ~~Remove all references to heatmap stuff.~~
  - [ ] `[QOL]` `[Code]` `[Arguments]` Make all python files use argparse
  - [ ] `[Sheets]` `[Readme]` Add instruction for how to use the Google Sheets
  - [ ] `[Sheets]` `[QOL]` It would be nice to add the team name to the number when pushing to sheets
  - [ ] `[Critical]` `[Readme]` Add instructions to creating secrets.txt to the readme (authorizationheader needs to be no spaces or quotes)
  - [ ] `[QOL]` `[Readme]` Redo the README.
  - [ ] `[QOL]` Remove all unneccessary files
    - [ ] Figure out what to do with viewdata.py
    - [X] ~~Figure out where in the world OPR-m.npy comes from~~
    - [X] ~~Figure out if anything in the world uses OPR-m.npy~~
    - [ ] All opr/teamstats stuff
    - [ ] All references to opr/teamstats stuff
  - [ ] `[Code QOL]` Making predictions work with both the EventMatches and EventSchedule classes (jsonparse)
    - and the implementation of the predictions in sheetsapi
    - and the processing of the data (getting recent OPRs, etc etc.)
  - [ ] `[Speed]` Convert more things to use numpy matrices instead of pandas dataframes (much faster)
    - prepare-machinelearningpy training_data_matches
  - [ ] `[QOL]` Adding a user interface?
  - [ ] `[Code QOL]` Make all python files consistent with PEP 8 and PEP 257
